Ah Yao Ming
For the sake of what we used to have
I beg you to help me
I will definitely explain it when I go out.
You didn't rape me.
I slandered you, please help me, I beg you.
So now you admit it?
It's all my fault
It's my fault
It was my Hong Xing who betrayed you out of the wall
You let me out
I will definitely pay you back 700 after going out.
I beg you
Little brother
How do you say to deal with it?
I'm going to keep him to turn himself in
Give me back my innocence
Did you hear it?
I can spare your life today.
But what should I say after I get out of prison?
You know what?
Thank you Mr. Sheng
Thank you for your forgiveness
I'm going out, I'm going out
Mr. Shao
If we hadn't heard rumors outside
If you come to check in person
I'm afraid I won't know until today
Che Rujuan will be so dark
What makes me even more curious is
This behavior
No one in the store wants to report you
No no I don't know I'm just a waiter
I don't even know antiques
How do I report?
Little brother, everything today is because of you
What do you say should be done?
It's my dog eyes that look down on people
I despise people
It's all my fault
You adults don't remember villains
Please tell our boss.
Treat me like a fart
Remember your promise with me?